here now Oh heads of Jacob and you
rulers of the house of Israel is it not
for you to know justice you who hate
good and love evil who stripped the skin
from my people and the flesh from their
bones who also eat the flesh of my
people Flay their skin from them break
their bones and chop them in pieces like
meat for the pot like flesh in the
caldron then they will cry to the Lord
but he will not hear them he will even
hide his face from them at that time
because they have been evil in their
deeds thus says the Lord concerning the
prophets who make my people stray who
chant peace while they chew with their
teeth but who prepare war against him
who puts nothing into their mouths
therefore you shall have night without
vision and you shall have darkness
without divination the Sun shall go down
on the prophets and the day shall be
dark for them so the seers shall be
ashamed and the diviners abashed indeed
they shall all cover their lips for
there is no answer from God but truly I
am full of power by the Spirit of the
Lord and of Justice and might to declare
to Jacob his transgression and to Israel
his sin now hear this new heads of the
house of Jacob and rulers of the house
of Israel who abhor justice and pervert
all equity who build up Zion with
bloodshed and Jerusalem with iniquity
her heads judged for a bride
her priests teach for pay and her
prophets divine for money if they lean
on the Lord and say is not the Lord
among us no harm can come upon us
therefore because of you
Sian shall be plowed like a field
Jerusalem shall become heaps of ruins
and the mountain of the temple like the
bare hills of the forest
[Music]